[ADD] hr_recruitment_security: New module (#887)
OCA/hr: hr_recruitment_security/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This addon create new group called "Officer (own documents)" in Recruitment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This addon creates a new group called "Officer (own documents)" in Recruitment.
```

> This addon create new group called "Officer (own documents)" in Recruitment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This addon creates a new group called "Officer (own documents)" in Recruitment.
```

> This new group only show Job positions himself is responsible

Reviewer: Same as bellow

> This new group only show Applications himself is responsible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new group only shows Applications in which himself is responsible
```

Are you refering to the user? Maybe you could be more clear about who this description is referring to.
